(Yuya)
Previously
on Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V...
Who knew one little card
would cause such a reaction?
(Yuya growls)
(both)
Let's duel!
I Fusion Summon!
Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
(Yuya groaning)
His Dragon is
making Z‐ARC stronger!
I gotta hold him down,
but I don't know
how long I can.
(laughing)
Get rid of that pest,
will you?
(groaning)
I Xyz Summon...
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
(Dragons roaring)
Aah!
It's incredible!
I can feel Z‐ARC trying
to take my soul...
like he did Yuto!
Gotta fight.
I activate...
the trap card Dragonvine!
Your Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
is completely mine now!
Ahh!
Thank you, Yuya!
When I absorb you,
we'll reunite as one!
(roaring)
Unh!
Don't give in!
(Technician)
Professor,
the Arc Five Reactor
is sufficiently charged!
Transferring the
final girl.
The unification
of the dimensions... begins.
Nooo!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Yuya's just a little bit
further down this hallway.
(both groan)
Huh?!
What's happening?
On second thought...
it might be
a lotta bit further.
Shay!
Where are you?
What's happening?
What in this world
is happening?
Professor,
the Arc Five Reactor
is fully operational.
The four dimensions have
started the merging process.
It's about time.
Soon the Reactor will unite
the Fusion, Synchro, Xyz,
and Standard Dimensions
back into one,
a singular dimension
from where it all began.
Everything that was once
lost to me will be born anew,
including the apple of my eye,
my beloved daughter...
my Ray!
You don't know
how long I've missed you,
how empty my heart has been
without you.
But I will not allow Z‐ARC
to resurrect
and threaten
the world again.
This time...
I will be prepared.
Prepare the Isolation Dome
at once!
(Technician)
Yes, sir!
This is not good, Riley.
Leo must have begun
to unify the dimensions.
We don't have much time
left to stop him.
Wha?!
You do know your chances
of beating me
were always slim to none.
And guess what, Yuya?
Slim just left the building.
(laughing)
Well, that...
doesn't mean..
I'm giving up!
(Dragons roaring)
Unh! No! Z‐ARC!
You don't look so good.
But then again, I was
always the handsome one.
Worry not, all your
troubles will go away
when I absorb you
into me.
And when I do,
your powers will be mine!
This duel's as good
as done, Yuya.
So let's cut to the chase
and reunite as one!
No way... Never!
It is time...
to reunite...
Reunite...
Reunite as one.
Yes, Yuya!
Reunite as one!
(Yuto, Yugo and Yuri)
Reunite... as one...
Yuya!
Aah!
Now, now, Yuya,
you're way too old
to be throwing a temper
tantrum, aren't you?
Now, let's not waste
any more time.
You can't resist
your destiny.
Don't listen
to him, Yuya!
Keep fighting!
For the sake
of all our dimensions,
keep fighting!
But it's so... hard!
I know!
But keep fighting!
Never give up!
Just fight!
Like your father did
to the very end!
Never give up.
Like my dad.
(Yuri laughs)
Yeah, keep fighting
like your pops!
All the good that did him.
He ended up like his skills‐‐
two dimensional.
Don't speak bad
about my dad!
I'm not.
So please don't be mad
just because
I'm being honest
and speaking the truth.
And the truth of the matter
is your father failed.
Failed as you have.
But don't worry.
I'll use
your powers wisely...
once I absorb
your essence into me.
Reunite as one.
And I'll be the one...
to rule you all!
Unh!
Reunite as one.
Come on, Yuya!
Keep it together!
It's time.
No, Yuya!
It's time... to play
one card facedown
and I end my turn!
Ohh.
Yuya.
By ending my turn,
my Starlight Force
is now destroyed.
So Clear Wing
and Starving Venom's Levels
return to normal,
and they can use
their special abilities again.
So you want to
continue dueling.
I already told you
that you can't win.
Must I repeat myself?
Don't waste your breath.
You can talk the talk,
but... not walk the walk.
Oh, well.
I tried to be nice
and give you the easy way out,
but fools always like
to take the arduous path,
as if they're trying
to prove something,
when all they're proving
is how smart they aren't.
Guess I'll just have to
walk the walk as you said.
Let's do this!
Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon, go!
Destroy Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Unh! Oh!
Ahh! Oof!
Grr!
(chuckles)
Let's see if whatever
you picked up
can save you from Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon's attack!
You better believe it can.
Evasion lets me
avoid your attack!
That's what you think!
I activate
the Action Spell No Action,
which stops your
Action Spell from working,
so you aren't
avoiding anything!
Now you have nothing left
to protect you, Yuya.
Power levels are stable.
All circuits
fully functioning.
The Isolation Dome
is ready to go.
We're ready to deploy
any time you wish, Professor.
On your command.
Ready, Yuya?
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon,
attack him directly!
(Yuya yelling)
Yuya!
(both gasp)
With one final attack,
you're finished!
And your delicious powers
will be mine
as we reunite as one!
Deploy the Isolation Dome.
Aah!
(Yuri laughing)
Ah! What happened?
Huh?!
What is this place?
Huh?
I don't know, Aster,
but this is the largest
snow globe I've ever seen.
As I reunite the dimensions
and revive my daughter,
I cannot allow Yuya
to reunite into Z‐ARC.
My Isolation Dome shields him
from the Reactor's energies.
Yuya!
(groaning)
Yuya, are you okay?
Ohh.. I gotta feeling
things are gonna get
a whole lot worse, Declan.
How so?
Yuya!
Are you okay
there, pal?
(Professor growls)
Ray should've revived by now.
Have you detected
her life signs yet?
Nothing yet, Professor.
This can't be.
Not after everything
I've done.
Yuri beat your dad?
I won't let him
get away with that!
That's a promise.
Then get in line.
I'm still dueling with Yuya.
But once I'm through
with him,
I'll make time to
polish you off for dessert.
Grr!
Fat chance, Yuri.
There's no way
you'll beat me!
Careful.
As long as I have
a single life point,
I'll fight
with all my heart!
Such wonderful news!
Because you'll lose
that point with this attack!
Grr!
Yuya.
Settle down.
This battle is strictly
between Yuya and me.
So the peanut gallery
can stay out of this!
(all shouting)
(all moaning)
I think it's only fitting
that I finally defeat you
with the monster
I stole from you,
your formerly very own
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(Dragons roar)
Ahh! Unh!
There's gotta be a way
Yuya can get out of this!
He's still has
one facedown card.
Let's hope it's
something that helps,
because if it's not,
it's over!
All right then.
(Yuri laughing)
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon...
put Yuya out of his misery!
Unh.
Going for an Action Card?!
Then so will I!
I send this Action Spell
from my hand
to the graveyard to‐‐
Stop right there!
I activate
Crush Action!
You were hoping
to save yourself
with that Action Card,
but Crush Action
destroys it!
Ta‐ta!
Then I'll discard
my other spell card instead.
Unh... Bye, Dad!
That activates
my trap, Break Away!
All your monsters lose
their special abilities,
but more importantly,
you're no longer allowed
to attack me this turn!
You sure are good
at escaping by the skin
of your teeth.
But surviving and winning are
different matters entirely.
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
You're up.
I'm sorry.
No, Dad!
Please don't go!
Dad! Dad!
I'm sorry, Dad.
But I had no choice.
Yuya, what's wrong?
Until now, I had...
my dad's
Smile World with me.
So it was like he was
watching over me,
helping me out,
keeping me strong.
But in order to survive,
I had to destroy it.
I destroyed my own dad!
How could I destroy
my own dad?!
I got rid of my own dad.
It's like this duel
is costing me everything.
This is crazy.
It's like my mind
is playing tricks on me.
Kite!
Hey, Shay!
I'm glad you're okay.
Yeah, but I can't
say the same
for whatever's happening
to this world.
Let's hope our friends
can put a stop to it.
When I gave up Smile World,
it's like
I gave up on my dad.
How could I... give up?
Snap out of it, Yuya!
You didn't give up
on your father.
in fact, you did exactly
what your father would
have wanted you to do.
He would have wanted you
to keep fighting,
no matter what the cost.
No matter... what the cost.
That's right!
Remember, when things
get tough,
respond with a smile.
And if you believe
in yourself,
your cards
will believe in you!
Now win this duel!
It's what your dad
would have wanted.
Ohh!
I know it's not easy.
But we all
believe in you.
And we won't ever stop.
I know you can
defeat Yuri
and stop Z‐ARC's
resurrection.
But, Declan...
No buts!
Just get off
your butt right now!
That's right!
I know you can do it!
Yeah, Yuya!
Bury Yuri!
(Declan)
Now get up, and prove
that I'm not wrong.
Show us what
you're capable of.
Win this duel, Yuya!
Okay, Declan.
I'm gonna try.
(chuckling)
I love it!
Such passion!
If I had a heart, I'm sure
that would've warmed it.
But really you might wanna
turn it down a skosh.
I mean, how embarrassing
would it be
to lose
after that display.
Because it's your cards,
not your words,
that truly do
the talking.
Then you'll find...
that my cards
have a lot to say.
So get ready, Yuri
You go get 'em, Yuya!
Do it, Yuya, kick this guy
to the curb!
Focus, just concentrate
on winning this duel.
Concentrate on winning.
Right! Got it!
Hyah!
If I gotta focus
on winning this duel,
I already got
everything I need.
I'm gonna use
the Pendulum Scale
that's already been set
to Pendulum Summon!
Performapal Trap Mimic!
And Performapal Flatrat!
And from my Extra Deck,
I summon...
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Ahh! Unh!
Ah, good old
Odd‐Eyes again.
Back just to be destroyed.
(chuckling)
Unh!
(Yuya's voice)
Just gotta hold on.
Just gotta focus
on winning!
My Trap Mimic can destroy
one of your trap cards!
It destroys Dragonvine
and frees Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
(roars)
Yuya got
Dark Rebellion back!
Hmph!
And then Trap Mimic
mimics the card it ate
and gains its effect!
(roaring)
Dragonvine's effect
lets me take control
of Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
(roars)
Now I'm the one who has
more Dragons than you!
Yeah!
Show him you're boss!
Nicely done.
Yuya's one step away
from victory.
Yeah, he's so close!
If Dark Rebellion
uses an Overlay Unit
to activate
its special ability,
it can steal half
of Starving Venom's
attack points
for itself.
And Yuya can use that ability
twice to win the duel!
He's so got this!
Not a chance!
This'll stop you.
Predator Plant Reborn!
This card lets me summon
a Predator Plant
from my graveyard!
Stapeliaworm,
return in defense mode!
And thanks to Stapeliaworm's
special ability,
if your monster's
attack points change,
it is
instantly destroyed!
So go ahead, use your
Dark Rebellion's ability!
If you want to see it explode
before your very eyes!
Nothing you do will
stop me from winning, Yuri!
First, when you summon
a monster,
it becomes the same level
as Flat Rat‐‐ Five!
Next, I still use one of
Dark Rebellion's Overlay Units
to activate
its special ability!
Stubborn to the end,
and this is the end!
Stapeliaworm,
destroy his Dragon!
That's what you think!
Since your Stapeliaworm
is now Level Five,
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's
special ability
automatically destroys it!
And Clear Wing
gains Stapeliaworm's
attack points!
(roars)
Hmph!
Now Dark Rebellion can
use its special ability
and your monster won't
be able to stop it!
Dark Rebellion
steals half
of Starving Venom's
attack points...
and takes them
for itself!
(Aster)
Yuto's gotta be
loving this.
(Sora)
So's Yugo.
They both came back,
and they brought
their Dragons, too!
They're on
our side now!
Do it, Yuya!
(Yuya)
Dark Rebellion uses
its second Overlay Unit
to steal even more of Starving
Venom's attack points!
(roaring)
Just one last attack!
Yuri's done for!
Excellent, Yuya!
We'll see about that!
I activate the trap
Ridiculing World!
It gives all your monsters
100 extra attack points.
That should put a smile
on your face.
Or maybe a frown,
because any monster
that gained attack points
can't attack at all this turn.
So, Yuya,
you can't do anything!
(laughing maniacally)
Oh, yes, I can!
I can tribute
Flat Rat to return
one of my monster's
attack points
back to normal,
allowing it to
attack once again!
So what, Yuya?
If you destroy
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon,
its special ability
will activate
and destroy
all your Dragons,
and you'll take damage equal
to their attack points!
Which is more...
much, much more than enough...
to erase
all your life points!
That's true, but you can't
use that special ability
if I defeat you first!
Huh?
So get yourself
ready to attack...
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Yuri, this is it!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon...
destroy Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
(roaring)
Spiral Flame Strike!
When Odd‐Eyes
battles a monster
that's at least Level Five,
you take double the damage.
I win, Yuri!
So then... I lose.
(laughing maniacally)
All right!
He did it!
Yuya won!
All that's left to do
is stop the reactor.
(moaning)
So this...
is what being a loser
feels like.
I bet this is
just how Yugo must feel
every single day.
Well, I had a good run.
(chuckles)
Take this, Yuya.
It's what you wanted.
Unh!
I don't need it
in my collection anymore
since you're gonna
absorb me anyway.
He's not going
to absorb you.
There's zero chance
of that happening.
So Z‐ARC isn't
gonna be making
any kind of comeback!
Not today, not tomorrow,
not ever!
'Cause Yuya's a winner,
not a loser like you.
Right, Yuya?
Yuya?
I won, Declan.
You wanted me to focus
on winning... and I won.
(all gasp)
Yuya?!
I won...
(deeper voice)
Just like you wanted!
(all gasp)
And from now...
there's isn't
anymore dueltaining!
Only winning!
You wanted
a more brutal duel,
so I gave it to you!
Yaah!
What have I unleashed?
Astrograph Sorcerer,
master of time and space,
I call on you to use
your mystical powers
to reshape us into
a single unstoppable force!
What's going on?
Nothing good.
(Declan)
Those are
the other dimensions!
Ohh!
Look there!
(roaring)